Sutra number three point four three I'm
a Kathryn Yamaha the practice of these
three that is dharana dhyana and samadhi
upon one object is called as a samyama
TREB is the three a Katra is together
and samyama is the concept AHIMA that's
a technical concept used in this Yoga
Sutras so tram a kerosene Yamaha
practical application of the Sutra is
dharana dhyana samadhi together is
technically known as Siam or samyama it
is important to note that the object of
meditation in all this three remains the
same and Haruna progresses to Donna and
Donna progresses to Samadhi
ch Patanjali expects us to meditate to
reach Cavalia and to do so one has to
reduce the modifications of the mind